feat: Text style refactoring (#2455)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/docs/mdx/11.0-UPGRADE-GUIDE.mdx

in a future major release. This signals consumers to migrate to a more stable alternative before the
deprecated code is removed.

> ### Form Field Main

Reviewer: Do we want this to be separated? Or should we keep this consistent with the component name (i.e. `FormField`)?

Author: So there is two possibilities:
- Have space between words
- Change `#form-field-main` to `#formfield-main`

`FormField` is a code name for component, and Form Field is what we use for storybook titles. I think it's okay to have them separated.

@mannycarrera4 what do you think?

Reviewer: It looks as if in other Upgrade Guides we don't space it?

Reviewer 2: I think for the title it should have a space, when referencing the component, no space but open to suggestions!

Author: We have spaces for component names in other Upgrade Guides. And we don't split utility names such as `useModel` etc. I think it's good keep consistent across all guides.

`CountBadge` now uses `createComponent`, Canvas Tokens, and our new styling utilities. The component
API has not been changed, and it should behave identically as it did in previous versions.

### Text

> `Text` has been refactored to use our new styling utilities and utilize new tokens and no longer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Text` has been refactored to use our new styling utilities and new tokens and no longer
```

> `Text` has been refactored to use our new styling utilities and new tokens and no longer
> extends `Box` component. The component API has not been changed, and it should behave identically as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Text` has been refactored to use our new styling utilities, new tokens and no longer
extends `Box` component. The component API has not been changed, and it should behave identically as
```

> `Text` has been refactored to use our new styling utilities and new tokens and no longer
> extends `Box` component. The component API has not been changed, and it should behave identically as
> it did in previous versions and support Emotion `styled` and style props. Type level components,
> `Title`, `Heading`, `BodyText` and `Subtext`, have not been changed, but because they extend `Text`
> components, all changes made for `Text` will be applied for them as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Text` has been refactored to use our new styling utilities, new tokens and no longer
extends the `Box` component. The component API has not been changed and it should behave identically as
it did in previous versions while still supporting Emotion `styled` and style props. Type level components: `Title`, `Heading`, `BodyText` and `Subtext`, have not been changed because they extend `Text` components and all changes made to `Text` will be applied to them as well.
```

> components and all changes made to `Text` will be applied to them as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Text` has been refactored to use our new styling utilities and tokens. It no longer extends the
`Box` component, however,  it  still supports Emotion `styled` and style props. Type level components:
`Title`, `Heading`, `BodyText` and `Subtext`, have not been changed since they extend the `Text`
component. These changes do not change the components API.
```

What do you think?

### Label Text

> `LabelText` has been refactored to use our new styling utilities and utilize new tokens and no
> longer extends `Text` component. The component API is similar to previous one and it still supports
> `variant`, `disabled` and `Box` styles props. `typeLevel` prop has been removed from `LabelText` and
> we suggest to use type level components, `Title`, `Heading`, `BodyText` and `Subtext`, instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`LabelText` has been refactored to use our new styling utilities, utilize new tokens and no
longer extends the`Text` component. The component API is similar to the previous one and still supports
`variant`, `disabled` and `Box` styles props. The `typeLevel` prop has been removed from `LabelText` and
we suggest to use type level components, `Title`, `Heading`, `BodyText` or `Subtext`.
```

> and we suggest to use type level components, `Title`, `Heading`, `BodyText` or `Subtext`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`LabelText` has been refactored to use our new styling utilities and tokens and it no longer
extends the `Text` component. Because of this change, the `typeLevel` prop has been removed from `LabelText`
and we suggest to use type level components, `Title`, `Heading`, `BodyText` or `Subtext`. The component still supports `variant`, `disabled` and `Box` styles props.
```

> 🤖 The codemod will handle a `typeLevel` removal and replacement by `Text` component for you

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
🤖 The codemod will handle removing the `typeLevel` prop and replacing `LabelText` component with the `Text` component for you.
```

automatically.

> 

Reviewer 2: So they should only use `LabelText` when they don't want to change the size? otherwise, just use `text` if they need more flexibility?
